AS3 Apollo
==========

Apollo is an dependency injection and message passing framework based on public interfaces. 

It is lightweight, fast and easy to use. 

Usage of introspection is optional, depending on the amount of control you want to have and on performance requirements.

Code sample
-----------

Code below will set-up a minimal actionscript application using Apollo. Notice the (nearly) complete lack of boiler-plate code. 

We have to create an interface that will serve as a mapping proxy. In this example we will map the Person class to this interface.

```actionscript

public interface IPersonInjectable
{
   function set person(val:Person):void;
}
``` 

Set up our person value object.

```actionscript

public class Person{

   public var first_name:String;
   public var last_name:String;

   function Person(fist_name:String, last_name:String)
   {
	this.first_name = first_name;
	this.last_name = last_name;
   }
}

```

Our controller has to implement the above interface for the injection to work. Controllers will auto-register, so no code to be written.

```actionscript
public class PersonViewController extends Controller implements IPersonInjectable
{
   public function PersonViewController() 
   {
      super();
   }
 
   public function set person(val:Person):void
   {
      view.person = val;
      trace(val.first_name + ' ' + val.last_name)
   }
}
```

In our main class we have to do two things for this example to work.
- Register interfaces
- Instatiate a controller

Now we can inject a message of type Person. Magic.

```actionscript

Injector.interfaces = [IPersonInjectable]
new PersonViewController();
 
Injector.inject(new Person('Laurent', 'Zuijdwijk'))
```
Building mappings manually
--------------------------

When we register an array of classes with Injector.interfaces, there will be some reflection going on behind the scenes to build an object map. If introspection is too much overhead, it is possible to create mappings manually. 

```actionscript
var injectorMap:Vector.<InjectorMapping> = new Vector.<InjectorMapping>();	injectorMap.push(new InjectorPropertyMapping(IPersonInjectable, 'person', Person));
Injector.model = injectorMap;

```

Performance of the intorspection part should be pretty good compared to other dependency injection frameworks that use reflection. This is because in this case we only do reflection on a limited set of interfaces, instead of a larger set ofcontrollers. 
